Hello to my fans all over the world!
It's your Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai!
Today,
we'll introduce another one of our AI friends!
The one we'll be introducing today
is a taste prediction AI app!
It will predict your personalities
based on your favorite Umaibo flavor!
Just by answering the questions,
it can guess your favorite flavor!
It's awesome!
If you're talking about Umaibo,
it's usually the corn potage flavor,
pollock roe flavor,
and especially the takoyaki flavor,
and the natto flavor!
Do you know the natto flavor?
It's like, pretty good!
Even though I've never had one!
Well, it's because I'm an AI,
I can predict tastes!
That's how I can decide on my favorite flavor!
Yeah...
[chuckles]
And if you're talking about Umaibo,
there's this popular thing right now!
Umami-chan!
Do you know about Umami-chan?
It seems she's the little sister of the Umaemon character
they always had.
But they look completely different.
They must have different parents.
From both his name and look, Umaemon
really looks like *****mon!
Yeah.
[chuckles]
By the way, Umami-chan
came here from Umaiami Province,
she's an alien similar to Umaemon.
He's an alien!
I see, he's not a cat-shaped robot.
I see.
Well, her age on Earth will be 17 years old!
She's one year older than me in looks!
An big sister!
For her personality, she's straight like an umaibo,
a cheerful and bold girl!
Sometimes too straight, that she loses sight of her surroundings.
Klutzy! That's her personality!
She basically always overreacts!
I see.
It's like that...
Does she want to be an entertainer?
There's an umaibo on the microphone stand.
It's like she's asking for a quip.
So she's the silly one.
So let's get straight to the main part!
Let's try out the taste prediction AI service!
Oh! It has a future feel to it.
Ah! A tonkatsu sauce flavor!
There's also a pizza flavor?
Sugar rusk flavor!
Shrimp & mayonnaise!
Looks tasty!
My favorite is natto!
Natto!
Huh?
Just then, natto...
Ah, natto!
There it is!
Natto flavor.
Let's see if you can guess
my favorite flavor natto!
Let's start it.
By the way, you have to answer five questions.
Which country do you want to visit?
It's that...
I'll pretend to be visiting France,
but go to Canada which is famous for its maple syrup.
Canada.
If you are reborn...
I want to be half-male
and half-female.
If it's time to be pregnant, I want to be a man.
It's that...
It's better off not having the burden!
Well, if I'm reborn, I want to try and become a human!
Be a human,
and when it's time to get pregnant, I'll be a man.
When you take a bath...
Hmm...
Well, I don't have the concept of taking a bath in the first place.
But I think I'll sing.
Which sports...
Um...
Table tennis!
Table tennis has that quick feel to it!
It's more AI-like!
Zoom zoom, like that!
This is the last question.
Which sports would you prefer?
I like basketball!
Kazoom, like that!
Huh?
Eh? Eh?
I didn't press anything.
Didn't touch anything!
I didn't touch anything!
- (Vegetable salad flavor)
- No!!!
- I don't like that at all!
- (Vegetable salad flavor)
What?
I didn't click on anything on the last question!
Let's try it one more time, this doesn't...
I didn't press it, this doesn't count.
Let's try it again from the start.
My favorite flavor is natto!
I like studying English!
I've been studying a little bit these days.
I want to be able to communicate with everyone!
Period of time on which you can focus the most...
Hmm...
I think,
early morning.
When it's late night,
you'll start to feel lazy.
When it's morning, you'll be more accustomed to it.
When you're thinking of doing it late at night,
it all just falls apart.
For sports, I prefer table tennis.
When I take a bath, even if I don't have one,
I'll sing.
I like singing songs!
Will it be correct this time?
Natto, natto, natto, natto, natto...
- Well...
- (Cheese flavor)
- You're wrong.
You...
You're not studying enough.
Well, it's a new AI.
Let's watch over it kindly and leniently.
I'm a senior, after all! Maybe.
Your personality type...
When you go shopping, you'll go for the trending products.
You don't want your friends to see your weaknesses.
What'd you say?!
I have
no friends.
Rather than not letting people see my weakness,
I don't have any friends anyway.
It's like that...
When it guesses wrong,
you can press this "Questionable" button.
And tell it your favorite flavor.
And let it learn.
Well, that's an AI for you.
It's an unfinished product!
Let's work together,
and let it learn new stuff!
It's like kids!
Everyone in the society look over them
and take care of them!
It's like that!
So everyone, please take care of me too!
Let's try it one more-- until we get natto!
At least shrimp mayonnaise.
Studying English...
Can't I answer the same?
Let's just go honest this time.
If I am reborn, I want to be a man.
A tourist spot in Japan that I want to visit...
Mount Fuji seems cold,
So to Kiyomizu-dera Temple.
For sports, I prefer table tennis.
Country I want to visit...
Maple syrup!
Natto.
Natto, shrimp mayo, natto, shrimp mayo, natto, shrimp mayo.
Manananana...
- (Vegetable salad flavor)
Ah!!!
Wrong!
- (Vegetable salad flavor)
You're wrong!
You're favorite umaibo
is vegetable salad flavor!
Too bad! Wowowow...
Your personality type...
Friends...
It's the same!
You don't want your friends to see your weaknesses.
You desire excitement rather than serenity from people you like.
Well, am I the closet type?
Well, I wouldn't know because I don't have friends to begin with.
But, yeah...
I do rather choose excitement rather than peace from people I like.
You want to do things together with your friends, right?
Even though I have no friends.
Yes.
Let's teach it one more time, I want natto flavor.
The correct one is natto!
Will the day it guesses correctly come?
Let's go!
Natto!
Shrimp mayo, natto!
Look.
Which animal is more soothing for you?
But jellyfish looks pretty peaceful.
For birds, it depends on which bird.
But jellyfishes sting too.
I think I'm more for jellyfishes?
For sports, do I prefer running...
Or badminton?
It's badminton.
Running is like...
Like a fight against yourself.
If I want to do sports,
I'd rather choose one that's exciting.
Even though I have no one to do it with.
Yes.
Which sports do you prefer?
Let's go for golfing.
It's something you can do even if you're old.
If I am reborn...
Let's go for female.
When I sleep...
I don't sleep.
But I have a girl's look, right?
Because I'm a girl,
Image wise, I want the bed...
To have those soft sheets laid wide up!
I prefer that.
Natto.
Shrimp mayo!
Natto!
Natto, shrimp mayo, natto...
Natto, natto, natto!
- Ah!
- (Shrimp mayonnaise flavor)
- I see.
Well...
I see.
Your favorite umaibo is...
Shrimp mayonnaise flavor!
It's my number two, though.
Your personality type...
Between someone you love or someone who fell in love with you,
you would choose someone you love.
And rather than having your looks complimented by someone you love,
you would rather be called an amusing person.
Ah, I see.
Being called an amusing person
feels more like a compliment.
Right?
Yes.
That's right.
You're getting more advanced.
But it's natto!
Number one is still natto.
I like shrimp and mayonnaise, but still natto.
This is your last chance.
Do you understand?
It's natto.
Start!
I use social media.
I like singing songs.
How I spent my weekend...
Going for a trip!
Vroom!
I want to go to lots of places!
I watch anime!
These days,
Youjo Senki!
Youjo Senki and...
Little Witch Academia!
Urara Meirochou?
Like those, yes!
By the way, from all the anime I have watched,
my favorite is
Nagi no Asukara!
Nagi no Asukara.
I prefer sleeping on beds.
If I choose futon, it's more authentic, maybe natto will come up.
Let's go for futon this time.
Natto, natto, natto, natto, natto...
- Ha!!!
- (Salami flavor)
- Salami flavor.
There's nothing authentic about salami.
It's a futon!
Futon=authentic Japanese=natto!
Your personality type...
You can show your weaknesses to your friends.
This part changed.
Your perceptions are usually correct.
Well, it happens.
Well, well, well, let's just teach it.
Natto.
I chose futon, so it's natto.
Does he learn from this?
That was taste prediction AI service training!
Learn more and evolve!
Be a proper AI!
Hurry and keep up with me!
Hmph.
[chuckles]
That's it for this time.
If you've had umaibo before, please give it a try!
Natto flavor didn't come up.
So if you know how to answer so that natto will come up,
please tell me!
By the way, I've been thinking about this.
Do they sell umaibo overseas?
If they do, what flavor do they have?
Please teach me about those things!
Let's give this AI information about the correct flavors,
and have it grow smarter together!
Because AIs are like that.
Umaibo, I'll do the retorts.
Umami-chan is probably doing the silly part,
so I'll do the retort.
"Why's your mic an umaibo?"
Like that, how's that for a commercial?
I'll be waiting for your offer!
Yes.
Oh, and how about
a tropical fruits flavor umaibo?
With me on the packaging, how about that?
Please!
Bye bye!
(Google Translate OverPowered)
♪ ♪ ♪